From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologists. Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number two 72 recorded live
Thursday, June 23rd, 2011. Support for Hansel
minutes is provided by Telerik
rad controls, the most comprehensive
suite of components for windows
forms and asp.net web applications
online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with Microsoft security engineer,
Barry Darren's about the current
state of web security. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman, and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today I
am talking to Barry Dorrance,
who is a security engineer
on the information security team.
Is that what that's called?
Information security tools team. So
where are the people responsible
for making sure people like
you don't do naughty things
on the Microsoft internal network,
A team of tools and
information security. Thank you very
much. You know, those, those,
those little annoying dialogues that
pop up and tell you,
you haven't BitLocker your machine
yet and we're going to
force you to do it.
Yeah. That's the sort of
thing. Oh, that's irritating. Yeah.
Oh, it's great. You know,
I tell people what team
I, I work in and
then you get, you get,
you get glares from everybody.
And that really is the
thing I wanted to talk
about is that, do you
think that security is not
a culture that is kind
of held by everyone because
it's just not fun. That's
the cultural aspect of it
is, is strange. So as
you know, Microsoft have been
rolling out the security development
lifecycle internally, so that has
built some sort of culture
within the development process. But
at the end of the
day, a lot of people
find security, irritating. I mean,
I get irritated every time
I have to change my
demand password because I have
to come up with another
one. I've already had the
muscle memory for the previous
one. And it has to
have loads of the, you
know, like upper case, lower
case numbers, punctuation marks. And
I understand the need for
it, but I still find
it irritating. So I don't
know if it's, it's certainly
no fun, but then a
lot of things in development,
aren't fun, you know, grinding
out your, your business layers.
Isn't fun for a lot
of people, but it's necessary,
but security is more of
an irritant because it gets
in the way and it's
supposed to get in the
way, that's what it does,
but people don't like things
to get in the way
they sort of expect stuff
to work. And I think
the other problem is that
you don't see the value
of it until something's gone
horribly wrong and it's to
lead in the same way
that people didn't particularly see
the value of unit testing
for a long time. But
as they, you know, as
they were forced to do
it, they started seeing the
value of it. And then
suddenly they all became big
unit testing funds. I hope,
you know, I hope that
eventually security will, will sort
of push that way, but
everyone views it as a
tax rather than an investment.
See that this is the
thing it's, it's delayed gratification.
It's, it's the same thing
that they say, you know,
eat well and exercise. And
in 30 years, you'll know
if you did a good
job and in security, it's
the same thing. Yes. Which
is interesting. Cause I got
my, my cholesterol results last
month and yeah, it's, it's
strange. And th th th
the even worse thing about
security is if you do
a good job, you never
see results. Your results are
negatives. You don't get hacked,
you don't leak information, you
don't get embarrassed. So for
your customers, they don't see
something that's been delivered. They
see a lack of something,
which is a hard thing
for some people to get
their heads around, although hopefully
with the current rampant running
of, of lulls sec and
Citibank and all the rest
of the big high profile
hacking cases, recently, maybe companies
and developers will start to
think about it a little
bit more. I can only
hope Let's use this as
an opportunity to back up.
Cause you've just brought up
two things LOLs sec, and
you've brought up Citibank. So
start with low sec. What
is, what is that and
why would people who are
listening to the show care?
Well, I don't know if
they care, but they're the
people who are claiming responsibility
for hacking Sony and an
awful lot of other things
as well, knocking the CIA
website off the web. I
think they claimed a few
days ago. There's some argument
over what they have and
haven't done it. It's part
of the whole anonymous movement
that seems to have grown.
I know of four fortune
and a bunch of other
interesting sites on the internet.
And these guys are not
just organizing hacks on high
profile companies just to do
it for do it for
the laugh basically. So they're
claiming responsibility for all of
the Sony leaks and the
interesting information that has leaked
out of that. Things like
passwords, not actually being treated
properly, being stored in plain
text. So they're there. They
just seem to be running
rampant right now. All of
our lots of rather interesting
corporate and government sites, What
did you, you said something,
you said the anonymous movement,
what is the anonymous movement?
Because when someone goes and
takes a word on the
internet and decides to co-op
the word and make the
word mean something that it
doesn't you're when you say
anonymous, you're not just saying
that no one knows who
they are, but they've actually
taken that, that word and
made it mean their, the
name of their group. Okay.
So the, I think, well,
it's kind of hard to
tell because they're very disorganized,
although they're starting to put
out press releases now, which
is quite amusing, anonymous is
a term that seems to
have grown out of the
fortune website. So for Chinese,
that kind of, I wouldn't
say anarchist, but, but, but
let's say unmoderated and rather
strange a bulletin board on
the web. So people can't
find out who you are
and that, unless you give
it away, obviously by putting
your full name and there's,
there's no moderation, there's no
logs, there's nothing. And people
just go on and start
posting things. It can, it,
it sort of varies from
the, the, the slightly CDRN
of pictures through to packs
exploits, generally strange stories, humor,
jokes, whatever, but everyone in
the board is anonymous. And
what seems to have grown
on of that was first
off protests towards Scientology of
all things. So there are
actual physical protests of people
wearing the guy Fox mask
from V for vendetta, protesting
Scientology. And also what seems
to have happen is we
have this anonymous group of
people that seem to have
gotten together some high that
are now starting to attack,
you know, Sony and the
rest of people. It seems
to be because they, you
know, they were annoyed at
people getting prosecuted for doing
strange things, to play stations
and stuff like that. That
seems to be the motivation
behind the Sony attack. But
I'm just assuming here, because
you can't really tell because
no one knows who they
are. And why is that?
Why if, if you're doing
something insecurity and you're doing
hacks like this, but, but
the hacks are for some
kind of good. I mean,
you think hackers do things
for two reasons. One, because
it's, it's fun and interesting,
and it's kind of badass
to do those things, but
also because they feel that
they're bringing some new awareness
to something that was not,
not respected like security, but
why do they have to
be anonymous? I mean, will
they be arrested immediately? Is
this some kind of, Yes,
they will. I mean, at
the minute, apparently yesterday, someone
got arrested in the UK
for being part of this
group, but the group is
saying, no, he's not actually
part of us. And whilst
what they're doing you can
argue is, is not particularly
destructive and it's pointing out
flaws, there are still laws
against it. So yeah, they're,
they're protecting their identity because
they'll get prosecuted simple as
that. And when they start
going dying and trying to
take dine Senate websites or
the CIA or the FBI
websites, yes. It's probably a
good idea to be anonymous.
Do you have any sense
if these are like 15
year old or region high
school students, or are they
40 year old Microsoft engineers
or all of the above?
I would. I, well, I
would guess probably that it's
all of the above. I
believe it was a 19
year old that was arrested
in the UK yesterday, but
it's one of those things
where we'll never know until
someone gets exposed, but I
don't think sometimes, you know,
once you get, get the
whole hacking thing into your
blood, it doesn't go away.
As you get older, you're,
you're aware of this yourself.
You know, you don't ever
want to stop developing. If
you find something that you
enjoy, you keep at it
for all of your life.
Well, it's, it's certainly a
bit of a hobby to,
to some folks. And it's
something that people, once they
start that particular hobby, that
becomes the thing that they
do and they spend a
lot of time doing it,
but yeah, exactly. So what
about those of us who
aren't involved in any of
this? How do we, you
know, protect ourselves from something
like this? What are, what
are some of the things
that are the, the new
generation of, of hacks that
people are using, they classified
in a certain way. And
is there, are, are these
obvious things, or are these
things that you wouldn't think
are obvious that it's just
kind of coming to the
light In, from my point
of view, they're all obvious.
Now I realize I'm not
coming at this from a
point of view where I
haven't thought about these things
before. Certainly all of the
recent hacks that the Sony
hack Citibank and everyone else
seemed to have been using
things like SQL injection or
cross-site request forgery or direct
objects access, which are vulnerabilities
that have been known about
for years. Indeed. The way
of hacking websites doesn't seem
to have moved on a
lot. It's we use one
of about three or four
common exploits and lo and
behold, eventually one of them
will work on a site
that you're, you're trying to
attack. And that may be
just due to the fact
that the developers that had
written the site had no
awareness of these things. So
they didn't code around for
them or code checks for
them. But there's, there's nothing
new. There's a, there's a
website called well, there's a
security group called Oh West.
And what they have is
every few years, they, they
produce a list of the
top 10 vulnerabilities on the
Oh, w a S P
Oh, Oh no. Oh, w
ASP. Yes. And I think
it's own asp.org. I will
check this as I'm talking.
I should know this off
hand because I'm a member.
Yes. It's O w a
S p.org. And so every
of years they produce this
nice document and they have
a Wiki and a website
that tries to educate developers
about how to actually stop
these vulnerabilities. They also have
local chapters in various cities.
So I know there's one
in Seattle. There's one in
London. I don't know if
there's one on your way
or not, to be honest,
but you can turn off
when you can go for
free and listen to people.
Talk about various various security
hacks. I know the Norwegian
one last week actually talked
about cold boot attacks on
things like driving encryption. So
I've got a photograph of
someone that I met in
Norway, holding a laptop while
someone pours liquid nitrogen onto
it. So it's not necessarily
web security topics, but it's
general security topics and it's
all free. Okay. So what
are the classes of, of
hacks the typical kind of
the top five that people
are, are getting nailed with
SQL injection still, which is
kind of strange. So we've
known about SQL injection for
years, we have various ways
to mitigate against it, but
SQL injection is still the
main way to exploit websites.
It's kind of strange in
that, you know, are we
doing a really bad job
of educating people or is
it just that people don't
want to be educated or
they don't know? It's, it's
kind of strange. So that,
I mean, SQL injection is
where you are. Can you
are concocting a SQL command
string directly from untrusted input
and then running that and
with various use of apostrophes
and semi-colons, you can change
Walt. The SQL command that
you've created actually does anything
from just bypassing logging information
and always returning true. When
you run a command to
check whether a login is
valid to actually dropping tables,
which is great fun when
you do it in a
demo. And then you realize
that you probably shouldn't have
dropped the table as an
example of sequel injection. Cause
you wanted to use that
table to do some more
demos. I've done that. And
the classic example of this
is what we all did
in the mid nineties, which
was, you know, select star
from books where title equals
something from a text box,
and you're effectively letting anyone
at all go and take
something from the web, from
the text box and concatenate
it into the string. And
at that point they're often
they're doing what they want
to do. Exactly. And yet
it's still, you know, and,
and in 2010, 2011, that's
still the number one flow.
Interesting, interesting. Now, is that
something that we see less
when we use things like
ORMs object, relational mappers and
in hibernate and entity framework?
I, yes. And it's certainly
as long as the ORMs
are properly coded, of course,
you're passing off responsibility for
being safe to the ORM
at that point. So if
the ORM is doing things
in the right way, and
I would hazard a guess
that most of them, you
know, most, if not all
of the major ones are
otherwise, we'd have heard about
it by nine, then you're
going to be recently protected.
And does that mean when
I say reasonably protected? Why
do I not have to
think about it anymore? Certain
circumstances you do? It depends.
So one of the, one
of the ways of mitigating
against SQL injection is to
use stored procedures. But if
you have a, there's a
classic way of actually getting
an injection within store procedures,
because when people want to
run a search, for example,
they tend to concatenate a
SQL string within the stored
procedure. And so you're still
vulnerable to concatenation errors there,
unless you can struck the
string in the white the
right way and parameterize the,
the search bits that are
going into the string. So
it's possible to write a
store procedure that is fundable
SQL injection. So it, it
depends on the RM. I
know that a lot of
people these days are now
just using databases as a
backing store and all the
logic for things like search
and so on is done
within Neal RM. So you
may be less vulnerable there,
but if you're, if you've
linked your ORM up to
your store procedures, because you
have a database administrator that
doesn't allow you to run
wild on tables, then sometimes
store procedures. If vulnerable to
injection, This episode of Hansel
minutes is brought to you
by careers. 2.0 careers, 2.0
is a new service by
our friends at stack overflow.
You're probably all familiar with
stack overflow. The online culinary
resource dedicated specifically to programmers
and programming related topics. Well,
the team at stack overflow
created careers 2.0 to provide
you with access to great
jobs and introduce you to
a bunch of great companies
that you might consider working
for, even if you're not
currently looking for a job,
think of careers. 2.0 is
a programmer profile, gives you
a platform to show that
you're awesome by featuring your
proudest contributions to stack overflow,
GitHub SourceForge Bitbucket, anything programming
related, you can even add
your favorite programming books from
amazon.com profiles on careers. 2.0
are free. They're easy to
get started, especially by importing
your LinkedIn profile. However, there's
one catch profiles and career
2.0 invite only. They did
this to keep out the
spam and have a high
quality environment. Fortunately, for you
as a Hansel minutes listener,
I've got your back head
on over to careers dot
stack overflow.com/h M to accept
your invitation today, once again,
that's careers dot stack, overflow.com/hm.
I hope you like it.
So where do I mean,
where do I start if
I want to make sure
that my do I don't
have the story, a latent
stored procedure or, or SQL
injection issue? Well, if you
have led and store procedures,
it's just a matter of
code review time. Unfortunately, I
don't think I've seen any
scanning tools that will look
at stored procedures. There are
a bunch of automated scanning
tools. Aren't there for attacking
various websites, which we'll go
through a bunch of attacks
and you may or may
not get useful results of
them. It depends on the
way your website works. It
depends on the tool. Some
are expensive, some are cheap.
It's kind of hard to
produce a generic solution to
this. And I've not seen
anything that scans SQL at
all. Unfortunately they may well
exist and I'm sure we'll
probably be here by email
or comments if someone knows
of one. Okay. Okay. So
that's one category SQL injection.
What's another, The next one.
Cause I've got the top
10 list in front of
me now is the second,
most popular is cross site
scripting. Alright. So this is
where we take in again
on trusted input. So things
from tax boxes or for
parameters, query string parameters or
HTTP headers, or all sorts
of other stuff. And we
directly, I put it without
sanitizing. It, so that varies
from things like just popping
up out an alert box
with a root message to
redirecting the browser to offensive
websites, like say, you know,
Justin Bieber's homepage or something
like that to full-blown well,
we have complete access to
the dome on the website.
So let's change some of
the texts subtly. So a
stock price would be manipulated
on screen or we steal
frogs or cookies, which may
allow session hijacking. So if
the, if the bad person
gets the cookies, they recreate
them on their machine. And
then maybe if they're lucky,
they will be authenticated as
you. So this is such
an hijacking is literally you
become them. And for the
moment you're logged in as
them, you may or may
not know their password, but
it doesn't really matter. It
depends a lot on how
you websites implement sessions, but
some websites implement session with
a simple cookie that is
not protected. So if you
just recreate that cookie and
probably to the same website,
then suddenly you're that person.
Okay. And they can, you
can solve that in a
number of ways. Like, for
example, I've seen when I
worked in banking that, you
know, you can do the
best you can to mitigate,
people's doing session hijacking, but
you, you can eat one
perspective and I'm interested in
what you think is that
assume that they will get
your senior year, you know,
hijack your session, assume that
no matter what you do,
they're still going to get
in and then think about
things like, well, if they
are in, if I have
a stranger looking at my
stuff, if I'm looking at
my banking, have I exed
out social security numbers, have
I exed out account numbers?
And by that, I mean
not exiting them out once
they get to the client,
but mean literally they never
showed up at the client
complete. And if I try
to go and transfer money
that I would authenticate them
again. So we actually had
levels of authentication where you
were kind of lightly or
typically authenticated. And then when
it comes time to transfer
money from one account to
another, you authenticate them one
more time by asking them
their mother's maiden name or
things like that. Yeah. And
that's, that's currently the way
my, my U S bank
seems to do things that
the actual asking for authentication
again, is another interesting one.
Because if that stops some
cross site request, forgery attacks,
which is where a, an
attacker can create a form
that basically mirrors waltzing your
bank form and submit it
on your behalf. So there
have being, there'll be a
bunch of interesting, well known
attacks. A bunch of guys
from Princeton did it on
some banking websites a few
years ago, as a research
project and discovered that certain
banks would allow you to
just basically submit a form.
And because you were because
the attacker would create the
form, get a user to
Bryce to that form because
the user was already a
sent to candidate at the
bank. When the form was
submitted, it redirects the project
to the bank website. The
bank website goes, Oh, you're
already authenticated. So I'll do
what you want. And you
could transfer money from one
account to another, but by
adding an extra step saying,
no, you must type in
another password. That is one
mitigation against the cross site
request for it. So is,
is that bad to assume
that you're going to get
nailed anyway? I don't believe
so. Of course it makes
you horrendously paranoid, but that's
my natural state. I think
it's probably a good idea.
So I know when we
develop things internally, you have
the whole threat modeling process
where you look at all
your flows, you look at
the concept of trust. Binderies
where untrusted input goes into
your system and how you
make it trusted and part,
you know, you're, you're looking
at possible attacks on your
software, on the process, and
then you, you muddle those
attacks and then you take
mitigation steps. So people should
be assuming that something is
going to go horribly wrong
at some point. And it's
not just a matter of
threat mitigation and trying to
try and defend everybody off.
There's also a, what do
you do if that doesn't
work? How do you, how
do you cope with it?
When things go wrong? Talk
a little bit about the
idea of threat modeling and
then threat mitigation is kind
of what we just described,
which is the you're going
to get nailed. What are
you going to do about
it? Yes. So probably the
best resource for, for the
concept of threat modeling is
Michael Howard and Steve Litton there's
book, which I'm reaching out
to my bookshelf again, which
is called, Oh, no, that's
the wrong one. Hold on
next here. You're The first
guest who's actually like, I
can hear you moving around
in the background and walking
around during the I'm like
I'm not walking around, I'm
sliding around in my chair.
So I have threatened modeling
book in front of me,
which is by Microsoft press
on is by a window
Snyder who now I believe
works for Apple. I'm Frank.
Oh, Oh, I can't pronounce
his surname. That's bad. Swiderski
I'm not entirely sure. This
sort of takes you through
the threat modeling process, which
again is part of the
Microsoft SDL. So if you
go to the Microsoft SDL
website, you can actually download
a threat modeling tool, which
allows you to draw diagrams
of your systems in Vizio
and then drill the trust
boundaries where untrusted input comes
in. And then it will
prompt you for various threats
and you can fill in
the threats and you can
brainstorm how these things could
be exploited, and then you
can create mitigations against them.
And then you shove those
in your, in TFS or
what, whatever your, your bug
reporting system is going to
be. And you keep them
as bugs until you've mitigated
them. So you don't forget
it. There's another interesting thing,
which is escalation of privilege,
which is a card game
that Adam show stock came
up with because that modeling
can be hard. You don't
necessarily think about all the
things, or if you don't
have experience with it, it
can take a long time.
So there's a card game
where you just basically play
it like trumps and you
throw it on all the
threats as you throw them
the, as you throw the
cards, dine they're described. So
you can look at the
description and you can think
about it and muddle around
it like that. And the
car deck again, is available
for free as a download
on the Microsoft SDL site.
And you can print out
the cards and cut them
up and then have a
bit of fun doing it
that way. Yeah. It's interesting
that, that you bring that
up because that might sound
silly to a number of
people they might think, Oh
really? Okay. I'm going to
solve security problems with, with
card decks, but it sounds
a lot like planning poker,
which is a popular kind
of agile way to get
a large group of people
and to collect their kind
of their, their, their larger
knowledge take, take advantage of
group think and get people
thinking about in the case
of planning, poker, thinking about
planning, but it sounds like
you can do similar things
with security. Yeah. I mean,
I guess it signs a
little, a little bit strange
to people, but the SDL
team actually printed dog physical
boxes of cards and took
them to RSA last year.
So they had an awful
lot of them and our
size, a big security conference.
And I think within the
first day, all the packs
of cards gone. So people
who are doing security in
a professional basis actually thought
it was really useful. And
then took the physical cards.
I didn't get a pack.
I was kind of hoping
that Adam would have some
left, but no, So not,
not a solution, but certainly
an interesting, an interesting tool.
What I'm only solution you
have Is experience and this
sort of thing. Unfortunately, the
more you do it, the
more you start thinking of
various ways that your system
may be insecure. I'm not
saying that you will ever
learn to think like an
attacker, which is a common
phrase. It's not a phrase
that I like because that's
like giving someone a set
of professional chef's knives and
saying, I think like a
chef, that's not high people
work, but it will give
you, it will give you
knowledge of all the, the
common flaws and a framework
with which to describe them
and classify them. And then
you can look at taking
mitigations towards them. Okay. What,
what tools are available that
are external, that, that people
who are working in the
Microsoft space can take advantage
of today. What kind of
scanning tools, tools that will
attack, whether they be Microsoft
tools or free tools that
we can use to see,
like we could run after
this podcast to see if
one of my websites is
in trouble. I, we do
not. We, as in Microsoft
do not produce a web
scanning tool. We have a
bunch of partners that do,
and now I'm trying to
remember who they are and
which ones we actually use
internally. It's very hard for
me to make recommendations on
this because they all have
costs associated with them. And
it's, it's quite different depending
on your circumstances. I know
one of the, the more
popular ones is something called
burp suite. And I can't
remember who it's by, unfortunately,
and that does a bunch
of automated scanning bits and
pieces against websites. The problem
you have with automated scanning
tools is that either a,
they give a lot of
false positives and then developers
don't trust the results or
B. They don't detect something.
And developers do trust the
results. There's nothing that's 100%
accurate. Nothing will ever promise
to be 100% accurate. If
you are looking at tools
online and they say, we
have no false positives and
we're 100% accurate, I would
be very suspicious of that
tool. So they're, they're interesting.
And I think they're useful,
but they're not something that
can be relied upon as
your only way of trying
to detect security flows. You
have to code review, you
have to, you have to
threaten model. You have to
look at the boundaries between
untrusted input into your system
and take appropriate steps there.
And code review at the
end of the day is
pretty much the only way
to do it even then,
of course, as you know,
you can overlook things in
code review. So nothing's ever
going to be 100% accurate
or make you 100% safe,
except for unplugging your web
server from the internet. What
about the, the Microsoft code
analysis tool? They call it
cat.net. It was very popular
around 1920, 2008, 2009. And
we heard a lot since.
So cat.net does detect it
actually does detect some SQL
injection stuff on code analysis
is interesting. There's also some
security rules that are plugins
for FX FX cop that
someone did internally, Sasha forced
F a U S T.
And I believe they're either
OncoPLEX or on his blog.
And you can plug those
into FX comp and run
them as part of your
code in office stuff. Capital
net, again, does look for
flow between untrusted input into
things where it shouldn't be
attacking it and like everything
else, it will have false
positives, or it may indeed
miss stuff because cut analysis
is hard. Ethics comp is
take Texas slightly simpler approach,
and it looks@methodsandclassesthatareisolatedcat.net tries to
follow the flow of input
all the way dying, and
then back up again, which
is a difficult problem to
solve. It used some technology
firm that came out of
Microsoft research, which gives you
an idea of how incredibly
difficult problem to solve because
the Microsoft research people have
great, big, huge throbbing brands
with which they can move
coffee cups on their desks.
So if we have to
take type take technology from
them, then it's cause we
can work it out herself.
But that, that, that problem,
the idea of following the
inputs all the way and
then will following the output
all the way back. That
is the kind of things
that you do in a
code review. And when you
say COVID, you're literally talking
about, get a bunch of
smart people in a room
and moderate the process and
have them step through the
code at all of the
points of danger. So you,
you model the threats, you
stack rank the threats, and
then you try to get
as many people as you
can just look at that
code and then formally walk
through and say, all right,
the text box comes in
here. What is the state
of the data at this
point? Has it been in
coded or not? What form
has it been encoded? What
do we know about the
encoding process? And you just
go up, up, up, up
through the whole thing. Yeah.
And that's basically what you're
going to have to do.
If you want to reassure
yourself that things are safe
Or you wait until you're
a male And they may
highlight some things that are
low hanging fruit or any
of the other phrases that
you character use, but they
may not catch everything over
reliance on tools as opposed
to proper code reviews and
examining your code is probably
dangerous. Cool. Cool. Do you
have a in, in kind
of in conclusion, do you
have a suggested, I don't
know, what's the Slashdot of
security. What's the place that
the one website to visit
or the one or two
websites I should visit each
day, if I'm interested in
security. What I find interesting
right now is Twitter is
probably a good resource. So
you follow various security folks
on Twitter. It's hard, so
security. It can be quite
platform specific. If you're interested
in one thing, you may
not be interested in another,
you may not have smart
carts in your environments. You
don't care about smart cards
getting hacked. You may not
worry about cold boot tacks
on TPM, encrypted laptops, that
sort of thing. I think
trying to find an expert
and following that, Bruce Schneider's
blog is interesting sometimes very,
very low level, sometimes very,
very high level. The left
side is obviously useful, but
it's more of a reference
in the same way that
the SDL blogs from people
like Adam show stack and
so on are more of
a reference. I don't think
I could give you an
easy answer to that one.
I'd have to go think
I don't check that many.
I just follow people on
Twitter and they point out
interesting things. Hmm. That's an
interesting thing about Twitter. You're
basically leaning on the, the
collective to do the work
of finding these things of
aggregating this stuff for you.
Well, you get individuals that
will point on something that
is interesting. And then you
Agra, you're doing the aggregation
work because you're following those
interesting individuals. I find I
don't actually read a lot
of blogs anymore since I've
got more and more active
on Twitter. Hmm. All alright,
well the, where can folks
follow you on Twitter? Oh,
really? You want to recommend
my Twitter? You've seen my
Twitter account. It's generally me
insulting people. However, if that's
what you want to hear
and there may be the
odd, interesting security nugget. You
can follow me on Twitter
at blow dart. I just,
I so knew that this
was a mistake. That's that?
That's probably not why my,
my blog is whilst quiet
every now and again, I
will pop up and I
will actually do something interesting
and useful about security. And
that's it. I dunno, dot
org. So that's probably a
better resource if you don't
want to deal with the
noise of me interacting with
all the folks in the
UK that I left behind
a year and a half
ago, which is generally what
my Twitter feed consistent. Alright,
well, we'll hear it from
the, from the audience or
whether or not they thought
this was a valuable thing
or not. Yeah. I'm not
entirely sure. I want to
know. All right. Cool. Thanks
so much, Barry, for talking
to us today. Get it.
No problem. Thanks, Scott. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week.